€ Back

Alternative Decentralized Solutions
Graded Quiz + 1h + 20 total points

1.

v

w

s

w

a

_

©

What is the IPFS hash of myfile1.txt when you added the file to IPFS? Please copy the hash as an answer below.
Make sure you do not include any leading or trailing spaces.

Note: If you are taking this quiz after a previous attempt and have changed the content of myfilet.txt, we

recommend you download the file again and use it instead of reverting the changes in the old one.

If this is your first attempt, please ignore this note.

QmdQGKkvPDbMErygDQ4FaV4A6ADER4vbv8vFUUvsiwpHQ)

Whatis the size, in characters, of an IPFS file hash using Base58 encoding method?

O «
O 2
© #4
O 2

. What are 58 alphanumeric characters making up the Base58?

O Capital letters, lowercase letters, Numerals 0 and 1 and_,-, & %
O Capital Letters from A-X, Lowercase letters from a-x, Numerals 0-9
© Capital letters without (0, |), Lowercase letters without (I), Numerals without (0)

O Capital letters without (Q), Lowercase letters without (m) and numbers 1-8

. What is the command to add a file logo.txt to the IPFS using command line interface?

O pfs cat logo.txt
O ipfs send logo.txt
©  ipfs add logo.txt

© ipfs pin logo.txt

« What is the command for viewing a text file myfile1.txt using the command line interface?

Oo ipfs check myfile1.txt
O ipfs view myfilet.txt
CO pfs get myfile1.txt

ipfs cat myfilel.txt

. How do you access the web interface to the IPFS in the exercise that you completed?

© Through a browser using localhost://5001/webui
O By downloading the additional webui pack from the ipfs website
CO Through a browser using https://gateway.ipfs.io/ipfs/

© Through the command line by typing ipfs webui

+ What is DAG with reference to IPFS?

© Directory of Addressed Graph
© Daemon Address Generation

O Directed Acylic Graph of all the files/objects in the IPFS

. What information does the Connection tab of the IPFS provide?

© Network statistics about the user’s internet connection
© Have-Want table of Bitswap

©@ The details of the peers currently connected to the IPFS

. What is the IPFS hash of the folder that you added to IPFS? Please copy the hash as answer below. Make sure you

do not include any leading or trailing spaces.

Note: If you are taking this quiz after a previous attempt and have changed the content of myfile1.txt, we

recommend you download the file again and use it instead of reverting the changes in the ald one.

If this is your first attempt, please ignore this note.

QmScVyy3AUpBgWuVDWRnGJ9XcD 1Ppz1mUtrRH6EA7XLWgL

1point

1point

i point

1 point

1point

1point

1point

Due Sep 18, 11:59 PM +07
10. Edit the content of myfile1.txt. Add a single “A” as the first character to the file. Now what happens to the hash of
the myfile1. bt?

O One character in the hash value changes
© Distributed Hash Table recognizes it as a single change to the file and keeps the old hash
© Whole hash changes to a different hash value

O File corrupted warning shows up

14. When the myfile1.txt was changed as above, what happens to the hash address of the folder?

© one character in the hash changes
© whole hash changes to a different hash value
O File corrupted warning shows up

© Distributed Hash Table recognizes it as a single change to the file and keeps the old hash

12. IPFS is IP-addressed. True or False?

O True
© False

13. The files on the IPFS are stored on all the nodes on an immutable ledger. True or False?

O True
@ False

14. How are files on IPFS addressed?

O universally unique hash
© Location on the immutable ledger
© Location of the file on some node in the IPFS

© Location of the file on some server

15. If two different nodes add the same file, then__.

© Their hashes will be different.
© Their hashes will be same provided the filenames are the same

© The hashes will be the same

16. IPFS is strictly blockchain-based. True or False?

O True
© False

17. IPFS currently only offers support for text and image files. True or False?

@ True
O False

18. What is the command for downloading a text file myfile1.txt using the command line interface?

© ipfs get <hash of myfile txt>
CO ipfs store <hash of myfile1 txt>
CO pfs did <hash of myfilet.txt>

© ipfs fetch <hash of myfile1txt>

19. Base58 encoding scheme has fewer distinct symbols than Base64 encoding scheme to .

O Reduce the complexity by removing 8 characters
© Remove bugs arising due to common string operation characters like +
© Make it easier for humans by eliminating ambiguous characters

O Remove possibility of breaks in code because of characters like “and;

20. How do you view the hash of a file that is already on the IPFS using the CLI?

© using ipfs view

1point

1point

1point

1 point

1 point

1 point

1point

1point
© Using ipfs files Is -1
O Using ipfs hash ls -l

© Using ipfs get

Coursera Honor Code Learn more

|, Linh T. Nguyen, understand that submitting work that isn’t my own may result in permanent failure of this course or

deactivation of my Coursera account.

Vy Like CD Dislike [1 Reportanissue

